README.md, before:

# ElectronMonitorApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.


## Electron build
if you want see last changes, you should run `ng build`.
Run `npm run package` - packages the app for local testing and debugging. It creates a runnable version of your app but does not create an installer.
Run `npm run make` - packages the app and then creates platform-specific installers that you can distribute to users.


## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

a package has been added that is better responsible for the installation of the application, added necessary configs,updated readme

README.md, after:

# ElectronMonitorApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.


## Electron build
Run `npm build-installer` packages the application and then creates a Windows installer with a better installation process.

OR you can do the same using native Electron builder , but with simplest  installer.

if you want see last changes in distribution version, you should run `ng build`.
Run `npm run start` to local test before package or make.
Run `npm run package` - packages the app for local testing and debugging. It creates a runnable version of your app but does not create an installer.
Run `npm run make` - packages the app and then creates platform-specific installers that you can distribute to users.


## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
